welcome to the man of recaps this is the
bachelor episode 7 this week Peter and
the girls travel to Lima Peru there are
only six girls left and it's really
getting serious here because next week
the top four go to hometowns the first
one-on-one is with Madison who's been
front-runner since episode 1 but that
was also the last time she had a
one-on-one day Madison is very pretty
she's nice and seems normal
they have a great date fishing and then
making out on a boat Peter loves making
out on boats this was a big moment for
him in last season on The Bachelorette
he's clearly fallen for Madison it's
hard to see how anything could mess this
up unless at dinner she mentions
religion yeah apparently she's much more
religious than she's led on so far and
talks about how faith is super important
for her and her future husband to have
Peter's not that into it but he is into
her so he's like yeah I know I mean you
know God's cool this might become a
problem later but for now he says he's
starting to fall in love with her and
these two are having a grand old time
the next day is finally a one-on-one
with Natasha they do the classic walking
around the city date as I explained last
week they eat some funny food and then
dance to some funny live music this is
in fact the strangest live music they've
ever danced to Natasha is really a great
girl she's funny down-to-earth but as
you might expect after just one real
date Peters not ready to take her into
hometowns so he lets her go he then
dramatically stares off the balcony as
the orchestra plays sometimes the show
is just too much
the final one-on-one this week is with
Kelsey they ride ATVs up the mountain
and have a beautiful view to roll around
and make out she preps Peter to meet her
family talking about how her dad left
when she was young and recently she's
reconnected with him but her mother
doesn't know yet - and this matters
because Peter does give her a rose it's
certainly gonna come up in hometowns
this means there's only two roses left
for three girls and they're going on a
group date
Kelly is feeling very confident today
because looking at her competition
Hannah and what 23 years old
Viktoria apps hot mess yeah Kelly might
be the easy choice for a normal dude in
the real world but this is the bachelor
and Peter loves the drama first he talks
with Hannah Ann who is the frontrunner
only second maybe to Madison she wrote
him a list all the things I love about
Peter and that's the way to a man's
heart then he talks with Kelly who keeps
using the word fun to describe their
relationship girl that might work in the
real world where you don't want to get
too serious too fast but this is the
bachelor at this point Peter doesn't
want we have fun together he wants a
serious love connection that has you
bursting into tears all the time
speaking of bursting into tears it's
Victoria F I think there might be
something legitimately wrong with her
she is crying constantly she and Peter
have an on conversation they don't
successfully discuss anything it's like
every single time we're together I feel
like you're always in a mood hey I'm not
in a mood in fact he takes Victoria away
first leads her to the SUV is he gonna
send her home no just kidding it's a
fake out here's your rose I guess he
thinks all this crying is the sign of a
real deep relationship plus like I said
last week she's got a rockin body too
good to send home before fantasy suites
so it comes down to Hannah Ann and Kelly
and to no one's surprise except for
Kelly herself
Peter picks Hannah Ann so Peter has his
final four girls and next week he's
visiting their hometowns to meet their
families the preview for next week shows
three out of the four dates going
extremely well but surprise Victoria if
something goes wrong and oh maybe she's
walking out also they dropped the
Madison bomb that she is a virgin saving
herself for marriage
we know Peters a guy that likes to have
sex so this is gonna cause some drama
plus the crazy twist at the finale they
teased at the beginning of the season
how is this all gonna go down find out
next week on The Bachelor if you liked
this recap hit that subscribe button I'm
bringing you the best recaps of TV and
movies so don't miss out
[Music]